fix(CSS): add references to counter style specification and a tool (#28128)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/list-style-type/index.md

- `disclosure-closed`
  - : Symbol indicating that a disclosure widget, like {{HTMLElement("details")}} is closed.

> Details of all the avilable counter styles used by various culters around the world can be found in [Ready-made Counter Styles](https://www.w3.org/TR/predefined-counter-styles/) document.

Reviewer: Just passing through. Presumably there is no MDN doc for this you could have linked.

```suggestion
Details of all the available counter styles used by various cultures around the world can be found in [Ready-made Counter Styles](https://www.w3.org/TR/predefined-counter-styles/) document.
```

Author: I thought of adding the link to the spec-urls.

Reviewer: Yes. I guess I'm saying spec urls are usually a last resort to link to. But if there isn't anything better on MDN then good call.

Either way. Suggestion above.

> Details of all the available counter styles used by various cultures around the world can be found in [Ready-made Counter Styles](https://www.w3.org/TR/predefined-counter-styles/) document.

Reviewer 2: we should include a link to the example which includes an example of all the listed values.

Author: Our example covers only 65 values whereas the spec document covers 177. For example, [kashmiri](https://www.w3.org/TR/predefined-counter-styles/#kashmiri) is not there in the example.
